hey everybody welcome back to code
dynamic websites with PHP this lecture
is called wrap-up and where to go from
here my friends this is the end of the
course thank you so much for taking the
course I encourage you to put what
you've learned in this course into
practice immediately start taking your
static websites and convert them into
dynamic websites I'm sure there's a
bunch of ideas running through your head
after taking this course hand code
everyday master what you know and
challenge yourself you'll get super good
that way and if you found value in this
course please leave a rating and a
review if you're on you to me or share
it with your friends your family your
colleagues if you know somebody who
wants to learn how to code or once they
get better at PHP send them this course
if you want to learn more about HTML and
CSS then check out my course build a
website from scratch with HTML and CSS
you can use the coupon code dynamic.php
to get 50% off if you want to stay in
the loop with me and about my new
courses and updates then subscribe to my
blog at Brad husky CA / subscribe follow
me on Twitter at Brad hussy and I'm also
on facebook at facebook.com slash Brad
Hussey feel free to check out my
resources page at Brad house you see a
slash of resources lots of cool stuff
there that can help you out and if you
haven't already check out my other
courses at udemy comm / u slash Brad
Hussey I really appreciate you taking
the time and following along with this
course you're the best
cheers and happy coding